README.md, before:

# #SADDERmetrics Coεmeta Web App 

This is a super early prototype experimenting with the idea of [advanced analytics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_statistics_in_basketball) for social media. 

Kinda like [Sabermetrics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabermetrics) for twitter. So obviously it's called **#SADDERmetrics**.

Maybe it stands for **_Social Analytics Depicting Deeper Empirical Reality_** or something. 

But probably not.

📊 You can find the live app at https://dnlmc.shinyapps.io/saddermetrics/

---
![](https://github.com/coemeta/public-work-log/blob/13b9eacdd3be522bcb61656af84213e0f99603c8/media/coemeta_logo_banner.png)

This project is being developed by [Coεmeta](https://coemeta.xyz), a Public Benefit LLC providing data & sensemaking services with positive externalities. Find all of our repositories at https://github.com/coemeta.
 
🙏🏼 You can support our open-source work with a donation via [ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/coemeta) or [paypal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=7W4M66QGW3LT8)! 

---

⚖️ This work is licensed under the [Elastic License 2.0 (ELv2)](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license) license. It allows most things except offering the software as a hosted service. This is mostly to prevent large corporations like Google or AWS from extracting value from open source developers without returning value in exchange. See a FAQ [here](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license/faq#faq-on-elastic-license-2.0-elv2).

Commit message:

add video & blogs links etc

README.md, after:

# #SADDERmetrics Coεmeta Web App 

This is a super early prototype experimenting with the idea of [advanced analytics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Advanced_statistics_in_basketball) for social media. 

Kinda like [Sabermetrics](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Sabermetrics) for twitter. So obviously it's called **#SADDERmetrics**.

Maybe it stands for **_Social Analytics Depicting Deeper Empirical Reality_** or something. 

But probably not.

Some background & motivation can be found in this [video walkthru](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9hn5EhbTqyk), this [blog post](https://dnlmc.medium.com/ingroup-colossus-visakanv-744c08f408f2?sk=79d5a0c6880c38dc6c5e82d05c3a8383) & [these](https://twitter.com/dnlmc/status/1482388817868988416) [twitter](https://twitter.com/dnlmc/status/1480220400491634689) [threads](https://twitter.com/dnlmc/status/1471526268860608520).

---

### 📊 You can find the live app at https://dnlmc.shinyapps.io/saddermetrics/

---
![](https://github.com/coemeta/public-work-log/blob/13b9eacdd3be522bcb61656af84213e0f99603c8/media/coemeta_logo_banner.png)

This project is being developed by [Coεmeta](https://coemeta.xyz), a Public Benefit LLC providing data & sensemaking services with positive externalities. Find all of our repositories at https://github.com/coemeta.
 
🙏🏼 You can support our open-source work with a donation via [ko-fi](https://ko-fi.com/coemeta) or [paypal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?hosted_button_id=7W4M66QGW3LT8)! 

---

⚖️ This work is licensed under the [Elastic License 2.0 (ELv2)](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license) license. 

It allows most things except offering the software as a hosted service. This is mostly to prevent large corporations like Google or AWS from extracting value from open source developers without returning value in exchange. See a FAQ [here](https://www.elastic.co/licensing/elastic-license/faq#faq-on-elastic-license-2.0-elv2).
